the 2015 Yukon peace of mind comes
standard with gmc's 100,000 mile
five-year powertrain warranty and yukon
5-star frontal crash test ratings
boasting a Vortech 5.3 liter v8 with
active fuel management flex fuel yukon
is agile and capable and is priced below
$55,000 this vehicle has less than 100
miles here are some of this vehicles
great options steering wheel audio
controls anti-lock braking system power
passenger seat remote engine start
traction control driver airbag
adjustable steering wheel air
conditioning front power steering
four-wheel drive
cruise control or wheel disc brakes
aluminum wheels keyless entry auto
dimming rearview mirror PPO premium
sound system climate control rear
defrost am/fm stereo radio backup camera
this vehicle offers reliability and good
looks at a great price so come in and
take a test drive today
you